Update docs for API key functionality (#433)
astronomer/docs: astro/ci-cd.md

To set up CI/CD for a given Deployment, you need:

- A [Deployment API key ID and secret](api-keys.md)
- A Deployment ID. To find this, open your Deployment in the Cloud UI and copy the unique string at the end of the URL (e.g. `cktogz2eg847343yzo9pru1b0d` is the ID in `https://cloud.astronomer.io/<workspaceId>/deployments/cktogz2eg847343yzo9pru1b0d`). You can also find this value by running `astrocloud deployment list` via the Astro CLI.
- A CI/CD management tool, such as [GitHub Actions](https://docs.github.com/en/actions).
- An Astro project directory that was [initialized via the Astro CLI](deploy-code.md) and is hosted in a place that your CI/CD tool can access.

## CI/CD Templates

The following section provides basic templates for configuring individual CI pipelines using popular CI/CD tools. Each template can be implemented as-is to produce a simple CI/CD pipeline, but we recommend reconfiguring the templates to work with your own directory structures, workflows, and best practices. More templates are coming soon.

At a high level, these CI/CD pipelines will:

> 1. Access Deployment API key credentials. These credentials must be set as OS-level environment variables called `ASTRONOMER_KEY_ID` and `ASTRONOMER_KEY_SECRET`. This can be done on your local machine or within your CI/CD tool of choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Access Deployment API key credentials, which should be stored as OS-level environment variables.
```

It looks like we specify in each of the templates that you have to set Deployment ID and Secret and what not -- maybe just remove the extra detail

Author: I think we need to state outside of the templates exactly what the env vars need to be named. Otherwise, it could be mistaken that those names are just part of a "template" setup when they are actually a technical requirement.

2. Install the Astro CLI

> 3. Build your Astro project into a Docker image, authenticate to Astro using your Deployment API key, and push the image to your Deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Run `astrocloud deploy`. This builds your Astro project into a Docker image, authenticates to Astro using your Deployment API key, and pushes the image to your Deployment.
```

Reviewer 2: I think this is good specifies that it all happens in the `astrocloud deploy`

To set up CI/CD for a given Deployment, you need:

- A [Deployment API key ID and secret](api-keys.md)

> - A Deployment ID. To find this, open your Deployment in the Cloud UI and copy the unique string at the end of the URL (e.g. `cktogz2eg847343yzo9pru1b0d` is the ID in `https://cloud.astronomer.io/<workspaceId>/deployments/cktogz2eg847343yzo9pru1b0d`). You can also find this value by running `astrocloud deployment list`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A Deployment ID. To find this, open your Deployment in the Cloud UI and copy the unique string at the end of the URL (e.g. `cktogz2eg847343yzo9pru1b0d` is the ID in `https://cloud.astronomer.io/<workspaceId>/deployments/cktogz2eg847343yzo9pru1b0d`). You can also find this value by running `astrocloud deployment list` via the Astro CLI.
```

- A CI/CD management tool, such as [GitHub Actions](https://docs.github.com/en/actions).
- An Astro project directory that was [initialized via the Astro CLI](deploy-code.md) and is hosted in a place that your CI/CD tool can access.

## CI/CD Templates

The following section provides basic templates for configuring individual CI pipelines using popular CI/CD tools. Each template can be implemented as-is to produce a simple CI/CD pipeline, but we recommend reconfiguring the templates to work with your own directory structures, workflows, and best practices. More templates are coming soon.

At a high level, these CI/CD pipelines will:

> 1. Access your Deployment using API key credentials. These credentials must be set as OS-level environment variables called `ASTRONOMER_KEY_ID` and `ASTRONOMER_KEY_SECRET`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Require and reference Deployment API key credentials. These credentials must be set as OS-level environment variables called `ASTRONOMER_KEY_ID` and `ASTRONOMER_KEY_SECRET`. This can be done on your local machine or within your CI/CD tool of choice.
```

> 2. Build your Astro project into a Docker image and push the image to your Deployment.

Author: I condensed these into one step since it's technically the same command/ step

> 2. Build your Astro project into a Docker image and push the image to your Deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Install the Astro CLI
3. Build your Astro project into a Docker image and push the image to your Deployment. This is done by running `astrocloud deploy`.
```

Author: I updated these steps a bit given that installing the CLI is definitely a standalone, necessary step for any pipeline.

This workflow is equivalent to the following bash script:

```sh
# Set environment variables
$ export ASTRONOMER_KEY_ID="<your-api-key-id>"
$ export ASTRONOMER_KEY_SECRET="<your-api-key-secret>"
# Build image and push to Deployment
$ cd <your-astronomer-project>

> $ astrocloud deploy <your-deployment-id>

Reviewer: Does this bash script assume you're running it from a machine that has the Astro CLI installed?

> # Set environment variables
> $ export ASTRONOMER_KEY_ID="<your-api-key-id>"
> $ export ASTRONOMER_KEY_SECRET="<your-api-key-secret>"
> # Build image and push to Deployment
> $ cd <your-astronomer-project>
> $ astrocloud deploy <your-deployment-id>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Set Deployment API key credentials as environment variables
$ export ASTRONOMER_KEY_ID="<your-api-key-id>"
$ export ASTRONOMER_KEY_SECRET="<your-api-key-secret>"

# Access your Astro project
$ cd <your-astronomer-project>

# Push your Astro project to your Deployment on Astro
$ astrocloud deploy <your-deployment-id>
```

Reviewer: Tweaked copy here. More generally, spacing seems like best practice to me?

Author: Random aside, but why are we starting to say "Deployment on Astro"? I thought a while back we decided just to say Deployment, since you really can't deploy anywhere else. Lmk what you think about this, and I'll add it to the style guide

        --header "Authorization: Bearer $TOKEN" \
        --header "Content-Type: application/json" \
        --data-raw "{
            \"query\" : \"mutation imageDeploy(\n    \$input: ImageDeployInput!\n  ) {\n    imageDeploy(\n      input: \$input\n    ) {\n      id\n      deploymentId\n      digest\n      env\n      labels\n      name\n      tag\n      repository\n    }\n}\",
            \"variables\" : {
                \"input\" : {
                    \"id\" : \"$IMAGE\",
                    \"tag\" : \"$TAG\",
                    \"repository\" : \"images.astronomer.cloud/$ORGANIZATION_ID/$DEPLOYMENT_ID\"
                    }
                }
            }"
```sh
# Set environment variables
$ export ASTRONOMER_KEY_ID="<your-api-key-id>"
$ export ASTRONOMER_KEY_SECRET="<your-api-key-secret>"
# Build image and push to Deployment
$ cd <your-astronomer-project>
$ astrocloud deploy <your-deployment-id>
```

To run this script without a CI/CD tool,

1. Make `ci-cd.sh` executable by running `chmod +x ci-cd.sh`.
2. Run the following command:

    ```sh
    bash ci-cd.sh <your-key-id> <your-key-secret> <your-organization-id> <your-deployment-id>

>     ```

Reviewer: Do we feel like users just don't really need to actually run this script, so we should provide guidelines for it?

Author: I removed this because the original script was so complex that it was actually easier to run the script. But now that it's only four commands, I don't see the utility in abstracting that into a different shell script

2. Add the following to a new file in `.github/workflows`, making sure to replace `<organization-id>` and `<deployment-id>` with the values for your Deployment:

    ```yaml

>     name: CI/CD

Author: ```suggestion
    name: Astronomer CI - Deploy Code
```

    on:
      push:
        branches:
          - main

>     env:

Author: @sunkickr Could use confirmation here that indentation is correct

Reviewer: @jwitz I don't see Organization ID referenced tho - don't we not need that anymore?

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/31111752/156644805-45e94f0c-eff5-410f-b87b-a8dbd528d081.png)

Reviewer 2: we don't need organization id anymore the CLI can get it from deployment id

Author: @sunkickr Is there any danger of someone always using the "latest" CLI in their pipeline? I'm thinking in terms of breaking changes.

I can make this version number update dynamically whenever we release a new CLI, but we should explicitly decide whether users should always be pulling latest

      push:
        branches:
          - main

    env:

>       ## Sets environment variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      ## Sets Deployment API key credentials as environment variables
```

      ASTRONOMER_KEY_ID: ${{ secrets.ASTRONOMER_KEY_ID }}
      ASTRONOMER_KEY_SECRET: ${{ secrets.ASTRONOMER_KEY_SECRET }}

    jobs:
      build:
        runs-on: ubuntu-latest
        steps:
        - name: checkout repo
        uses: actions/checkout@v2.3.4
        - name: Deploy to Astro
        run: |
          brew install astronomer/cloud/astrocloud@1.2.0

>           astrocloud deploy <deployment-id>

Reviewer: Do we still need to have this up top?

 ```
env:
          DEPLOYMENT_ID: <deployment-id>
```

Or I guess since it's only mentioned once (as opposed to many times before) the user could just replace it... maybe make that explicit?

Author: We do make that explicit:

"Add the following to a new file in `.github/workflows`, making sure to replace `<organization-id>` and `<deployment-id>` with the values for your Deployment:"

Reviewer: Ope, didn't see. Whoops.

      push:
        branches:
          - main

    env:
      ## Sets Deployment API key credentials as environment variables
      ASTRONOMER_KEY_ID: ${{ secrets.ASTRONOMER_KEY_ID }}
      ASTRONOMER_KEY_SECRET: ${{ secrets.ASTRONOMER_KEY_SECRET }}

    jobs:
      build:
        runs-on: ubuntu-latest
        steps:
        - name: checkout repo
        uses: actions/checkout@v2.3.4
        - name: Deploy to Astro
        run: |

>           brew install astronomer/cloud/astrocloud@1.2.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          brew install astronomer/cloud/astrocloud
```

    ```sh
    # Create time stamp
    TAG=deploy-`date "+%Y-%m-%d-%HT%M-%S"`
    # Install the Astro CLI

>     brew install astronomer/cloud/astrocloud@1.2.0

Author: @sunkickr I extrapolated from your example and updated the Jenkins script as well. Are you able to verify this or should I tag another SME?

Reviewer 2: I don't thin that you build.sh anymore

    ```sh

>     # Create time stamp
>     TAG=deploy-`date "+%Y-%m-%d-%HT%M-%S"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     TAG=deploy-`date "+%Y-%m-%d-%HT%M-%S"`

Reviewer: Do we need `ORGANIZATION_ID` here?

>     TAG=deploy-`date "+%Y-%m-%d-%HT%M-%S"`

Reviewer 2: nope

>     # Install the Astro CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Install the latest version of the Astro CLI
```

>     brew install astronomer/cloud/astrocloud@1.2.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    brew install astronomer/cloud/astrocloud
```
